Hyperlane natives fixes (#1362)
kadena-io/pact: docs/en/pact-functions.md

Decode a base-64-unpadded encoded Hyperlane Token Message into an object `{recipient:GUARD, amount:DECIMAL, chainId:STRING}`.
```lisp
pact> (hyperlane-decode-token-message "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHsABHsicHJlZCI6ICJrZXlzLWFsbCIsICJrZXlzIjpbImRhMWEzMzliZDgyZDJjMmU5MTgwNjI2YTAwZGMwNDMyNzVkZWIzYWJhYmIyN2I1NzM4YWJmNmI5ZGNlZThkYjYiXX0")
{"amount": 0.000000000000000123,"chainId": "4","recipient": KeySet {keys: [da1a339bd82d2c2e9180626a00dc043275deb3ababb27b5738abf6b9dcee8db6],pred: keys-all}}
```

### hyperlane-encode-token-message {#hyperlane-encode-token-message}

*x*&nbsp;`string` *&rarr;*&nbsp;`object:*`

> Encode an object into a base-64-unpadded encoded Hyperlane Token Message `AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHsABHsicHJlZCI6ICJrZXlzLWFsbCIsICJrZXlzIjpbImRhMWEzMzliZDgyZDJjMmU5MTgwNjI2YTAwZGMwNDMyNzVkZWIzYWJhYmIyN2I1NzM4YWJmNmI5ZGNlZThkYjYiXX0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encode an object into a Hyperlane Token message encoded as unpadded base64url: `AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHsABHsicHJlZCI6ICJrZXlzLWFsbCIsICJrZXlzIjpbImRhMWEzMzliZDgyZDJjMmU5MTgwNjI2YTAwZGMwNDMyNzVkZWIzYWJhYmIyN2I1NzM4YWJmNmI5ZGNlZThkYjYiXX0`.
```

Reviewer: Can we double check the alphabet used here? It needs to be in the spec.
